Make Kedro compatible with Airflow 2.4.2 (#2030)
kedro-org/kedro: RELEASE.md

* Modified implementation of the Kedro IPython extension to use `local_ns` rather than a global variable.
* Refactored `ShelveStore` to it's own module to ensure multiprocessing works with it.
* `kedro.extras.datasets.pandas.SQLQueryDataSet` now takes optional argument `execution_options`.

> * Updated Attrs minimum required version to >=21.3, and increased max to 23.0 to make Kedro compatible with Airflow >2.4.2 that requires 22.1.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated `attrs` upper bound to 23.0 to make Kedro compatible with Airflow >2.4.2 that requires 22.1.0.
```
Since the lower bound wasn't changed in the end (and also some minor formatting).
